=head1 NAME

<application name> - <One-line description of application's purpose>

=head1 VERSION

The initial template usually just has:

This documentation refers to <application name> version 0.0.1.

=head1 USAGE

Brief working invocation example(s) here showing the most common usage(s) This
section will be as far as many users ever read, so make it as educational and
exemplary as possible.

=head1 REQUIRED ARGUMENTS

A complete list of every argument that must appear on the command line.  when
the application  is invoked, explaining what each of them does, any
restrictions on where each one may appear (i.e., flags that must appear before
or after filenames), and how the various arguments and options may interact
(e.g., mutual exclusions, required combinations, etc.)

If all of the application's arguments are optional, this section
may be omitted entirely.

=head1 OPTIONS

A complete list of every available option with which the application can be
invoked, explaining what each does, and listing any restrictions, or
interactions.

If the application has no options, this section may be omitted
entirely.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A full description of the application and its features.
May include numerous subsections (i.e., =head2, =head3, etc.).

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS


A list of every error and warning message that the application can generate
(even the ones that will "never happen"), with a full explanation of each
problem, one or more likely causes, and any suggested remedies.  If the
application generates exit status codes (e.g., under Unix), then list the exit
status associated with each error.

=head1 CONFIGURATION AND ENVIRONMENT

A full explanation of any configuration system(s) used by the application,
including the names and locations of any configuration files, and the meaning
of any environment variables or properties that can be set. These descriptions
must also include details of any configuration language used.  (See also
"Configuration Files" in Chapter 19.)


=head1 DEPENDENCIES
=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES
=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS
=head1 AUTHOR
=head1 LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

